hey everyone my name is wedge magic
origins spoilers have started I guess
we've never seen a release like this
cards are trickling out at a weird pace
even though the official season isn't
supposed to start until next Monday but
whatever we got your back in today's
video we'll catch up on the cards
officially spoiled so far not leaked
spoiled I've been burned too many times
let's get hyped we'll start off with one
of the new origins planeswalkers Cathy
on hero of a crows is one white mana fur
to one legendary creature human soldier
at end of combat if Cathy on and at
least two other creatures attack this
combat Exile Cathy on then returned to
the battlefield transformed under his
owners control you can also pay three
mana to give him indestructible and tell
him to turn when he flips he becomes
Gideon battle forged a planeswalker with
three loyalty you can plus two to have
up to one target creature an opponent
controls attack Gideon during his
controllers next turn if Abel you can
also plus one and until your next turn
target creature gains indestructible on
tap that creature lastly for zero Gideon
becomes a 4/4 human soldier creature
with indestructible until end of turn
prevent all damage that would be dealt
to him this turn this is the kind of
Gideon I've been waiting for since rise
the Eldrazi let's talk playability he's
straight up a to one for one with up
side so you already got me on board
there he's also a soldier and that
matters a lot to Commander player is
also cool being able to give him
indestructible is nice but will only
really be relevant if he drops late-game
when you have the mana to sink into him
his real value is being able to come
down turn one play a couple more one
drops or raise the alarm or something
similar turn two and then swing turn
three flip into Gideon board control
four days he could end up being one of
the fastest Planeswalkers ever printed
honestly we haven't dealt with this kind
of mechanic before so it's pretty
difficult to predict how well it's gonna
perform but I gotta say you know modern
yeah modern maybe not modern yeah huh
our second spoiler of the day and the
card that really pushed me into making
this video is dua
dwayne johnson gilt leaf dane to
colorless an to green for a 3/4
legendary creature elf warrior with
reach other elf creatures you control
get +1 +1 whenever it attacks you gain
one life for each attacking elf you
control okay I'm not gonna lie to you
everything else on this card is
basically a blur as soon as I saw that
it was an elf Laura you do realize what
this means if there is significant
tribal support in origins commander
players are going to have to change
their underpants probably multiple times
we've already seen leaf Gilder as a
throwback to Laura Wynn but here's a
gilt leaf lord this could be a sign of
something awesome
talking playability for mana is a little
expensive for this card which means that
it probably won't find a home in legacy
elves while the abilities are nice that
Dex curve is criminally low and for man
is just too much I also think it's
interesting how this conveniently avoids
collected company that will hurt its
potential in modern but who knows maybe
if you don't have Elvis champion or
elvish arch druids you could use this I
guess the 4 mana cost really turns me
away from using it regardless Azeri will
love it risk the redeemed will love it I
think you can expect to see this in
Commander for a long time plus who knows
maybe tribal will come back a little bit
in standard remember there were elves on
Zendikar the last time we were there
just do food for thought what do you
won't think about these two new cards I
especially want to know what you think
about new Gideon like him hate him
jealous of those sideburns gotta know
remember spoiler season officially
starts Monday which means we'll be here
every day with officially spoiled cards
so don't miss it as always subscribe for
the latest and most reliable magic
origins spoiler information you could
ever need this is the mana source
I'm wedge thanks for watching we'll see
you next time